OSDOCS-3143: Add coreos-installer iso customize feature (#40954)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-infra-machines-static-network.adoc

a|`<device>`
a|The destination device.

2+|*coreos-installer ISO subcommands*

|*_Subcommand_* |*_Description_*

a|`$ coreos-installer iso customize <options> <ISO_image>`
a|Customize a {op-system} live ISO image.

a|`coreos-installer iso reset <options> <ISO_image>`
|Restore a {op-system} live ISO image to default settings.

a|`coreos-installer iso ignition remove <options> <ISO_image>`
a|Remove the embedded Ignition config from an ISO image.

> 2+|*coreos-installer ISO Customize subcommand options*

Reviewer: I think "customize" should be lowercase, as most subcommands are. Ignition is different because it is a utility.

|*_Option_* |*_Description_*

a|`--dest-ignition <path>`

> a|Merge specified Ignition config into a new config fragment for destination system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|Merge the specified Ignition config into a new configuration fragment for the destination system.
```

a|`--dest-karg-append <arg>`

> a|Add a kernel argument to boots of the destination system.

Reviewer: Sounds a bit odd to me, maybe something like this?
```suggestion
a|Add a kernel argument to the destination's system boots.
```

Author: I'm just now realizing it sounds like the destination system has feet and wears boots 😄 thanks for catching!

a|`--network-keyfile <path>`
a|Configure networking using the specified NetworkManager keyfile for live and destination systems.

a|`--installer-config <path>`

> a|Apply the specified installer config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|Apply the specified installer configuration file.
```

a|`--live-karg-append <arg>`

> a|Add a kernel argument to boots of the live environment.

Reviewer: Similar to previous comment. Consider:
```suggestion
a|Add a kernel argument to the live environment's system boots.
```

> 

Author: @bgilbert I wasn't sure if all the options of `customize` would be worthwhile to document in the table. I can add them though, or provide a link to the upstream coreos-installer docs?

> 

Reviewer: We have an openshift-docs [guideline](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#links-to-external-websites) in which we cannot link to a GitHub repo, so we'd need to describe them here. 

Of the [16](url) for `iso customize` in GH, are there any that can be left out for purposes of this doc, @bgilbert?

> 

Reviewer 2: Some of them are more important than others, but I'd be inclined to list them all.  The more advanced ones like `--live-ignition` are intended as "overrides", making it possible to perform customizations we forgot to include user-friendly options for.  Most users won't use them, but we might eventually need to instruct some users to do so.

> a|`<device>`

Reviewer: Out of scope but would you mind fixing line 310?
`s/coreos-install install subcommand/coreos-installer install subcommand`

a|The destination device.

2+|*coreos-installer ISO subcommands*

|*_Subcommand_* |*_Description_*

a|`$ coreos-installer iso customize <options> <ISO_image>`
a|Customize a {op-system} live ISO image.

a|`coreos-installer iso reset <options> <ISO_image>`
|Restore a {op-system} live ISO image to default settings.

a|`coreos-installer iso ignition remove <options> <ISO_image>`
a|Remove the embedded Ignition config from an ISO image.

2+|*coreos-installer ISO customize subcommand options*

|*_Option_* |*_Description_*

a|`--dest-ignition <path>`
a|Merge the specified Ignition config into a new configuration fragment for the destination system.

a|`--dest-device <path>`
a|Install and overwrite the specified destination device.

a|`--dest-karg-append <arg>`
a|Add a kernel argument to each boot of the destination system.

a|`--dest-karg-delete <arg>`

> a|Delete a kernel argument to each boot of the destination system.

Reviewer 2: Still needs to be fixed.

a|`--network-keyfile <path>`

> a|Configure networking using the specified NetworkManager keyfile for live and destination systems.

Reviewer: s/networking using/networking by using
(This is an ISG thing)

a|`--ignition-ca <path>`
a|Specify an additional TLS certificate authority to be trusted by Ignition.

a|`--pre-install <path>`
a|Run the specified script before installation.

a|`--post-install <path>`
a|Run the specified script after installation.

a|`--installer-config <path>`
a|Apply the specified installer configuration file.

a|`--live-ignition <path>`
a|Merge the specified Ignition config into a new configuration fragment for the live environment.

a|`--live-karg-append <arg>`
a|Add a kernel argument to each boot of the live environment.

a|`--live-karg-delete <arg>`

> a|Delete a kernel argument to each boot of the live environment.

Reviewer 2: Still needs to be fixed.

a|`--live-karg-replace <k=o=n>`

> a|Replace a kernel argument to each boot of the live environment, in the form `key=old=new`.

Reviewer 2: `Replace a kernel argument in`
